---
title: "AZ 900"
---
1. The support plan must allow for new support requests to be opened: basic 빼고 다
2. You are configuring two datacenters as geo-clustered sites for site resiliency. need to recommend azure storage redundancy option -> read-only geo-redundant storage
3. Your company: basic support plan; not supported by the existing plan -> prodirect? no
4. vm - iaas
5. free - 1GB / basic - 10GB / standard - 50GB ... and so on
6. elasticity is not an expenditure model; expenditure model: cap-ex or op-ex, op-ex == pay as you go
7. cosmosDB - nosql, ai studio - AI
8. my company AD -> Azure AD is beneficial!
9. Azure API Management: way to create & manage customer APIs for existing backend svc
   Azure Resource Manager(ARM): tool that "automates" the dplymnts
   Management groups: only containers
10.  SLA(service level agreement): 99.99% for 2 ins,az / 99.95 for 2 ins 1 az / 99.9 1 ins 1 az premium... and so on (SSD, HDD ... )
11. Azure DevTestLabs: quickly create env using reusable templates & artifacts
12. Azure Information Protection(AIP): cloud-based solution that enables orgs to discover, classify, and protect docs and emails by applying labels to content
13. Key Vault: concern administrative CREDENTIALS
14. Azure government:cloud environment specifically built to meet compliance and security requirements for US government.
15. Azure AD Privileged Identity Management: role management
16. VM might have disk
17. Fault tolerance is the ability of a system to continue to function in the event of a failure of some of its components.
18. elasticity : "자유롭게" scalability: "늘릴수 있음"
19. Azure storage account is PaaS
20. hybrid cloud for using on-premise network + additional resources, public cloud svc + private cloud svc
21. public cloud - vpn can extend capacity of internal network
22. Several installation -> iaas
23. OpEx: ongoing costs(cost of operation)
24. DB, azure backup == paas
25. Resource group can have multiple azure region resources
26. Customers can minimize capital expenditure by using public cloud
27. Microsoft cloud adoption framework for azure: define strategy, plan, ready, adopt while govern and manage
28. App using legacy db to cloud-> use IaaS
29. Regions > zones > data center > availability sets(rack)
30. Extension to azure - local gateway
31. Azure tenant can have multiple subscription but azure subscription can only be associated with one Azure AD tenant
32. AD remains in azure and you can use by using different Azure description
33. The virtual machines can be moved to the new subscription
34. Azure VPN device == Virtual network gateway, needs to be located in dedicated subnet in Azure virtual network
35. To increase limit, create support request
36. Not all azure regions support availability zones
37. azure cosmos db: globally distributed, multimodel db svc
38. subscription == account
39. azure storage tiers: hot, cool, archive; archive should be rehydrated
40. Azure event hubs: big data streaming platform & event ingestion svc
41. Data in Azure Storage account >= 3 (Locally Redundant Storage)
42. LRS != GRS
43. Storage limit : 2PB for US & EU, 500TB for other regions
44. Not all Azure regions support availability zones
45. Region is a set of datacenters
46. Azure service health provides personalized view of the health of the AZ svcs
47. Sphere = Secure / Central = Monitor / Hub = telemetry
48. Windows virtual desktop
	1. max session limit, enter the max number of users you want load balanced in single session host
	2. via remote apps you can virtualize app and desktop
49. Azure Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) calculator can calculate cost savings due to reduced electricity consumption as a result of migrating on-premises MS SQL servers to AZ
50. A subscription can have multiple administrators, but there can only be one account administrator
51. Only hot and cool access tiers can be set at the account levell. The archive access tier can only be set at the blob level
52. cool access tier: short-term backup & DR / older data but should be able to immediate access
53. purchase third-party virtual security appliance : Azure marketplace
54. Azure Logic Apps can have multiple stateful & stateless workflows
55. Azure Logic Apps is a cloud-based platform
56. resource lock : protect / policy: restritct
57. Blueprint: complete azure application
58. management group : used for manage subscription / azure policy: inside subscription
59. Inside Azure region, there's Availability zone. So dont be confused about some qs
60. Azure File Sync agent enables data on a Windows Server to be sync with Azure FIle Share
61. Resource group : logical container
62. ExpressRoute OSI layer: 3
63. Azure cloud shell: you can run powershell cmdlets
64. relational:sql / massive: synapse / messive petabyte: lake / opensource: insight
65. Azure Advisor - Azure resources (do not confused with Security Center)
66. powershell available on every system
67. Azure resource manager provides a common platform for deploying objects to a cloud infrastructure and for implementing consistency across the Azure environment (Azure policy not provide common platform for deploying)
68. Azure AD Identity Protection: if anonymous IP address tries to connect
69.  NIST: an organization that defines standards used by US government / GDPR: A European policy that regulates data privacy and data protection
70. An application should connect to Azure Active Directory to retrieve security tokens
71. Azure policies provide organizations with the ability to manage the compliance of Azure resources across multiple subscriptions
72. prevent resource only in a RG: lock
73. Azure Infromation Protection (AIP) can encrypt documents & email msgs
74. Evaluate company's Azure environment meets regulatory requirements : Security Center blade
75. Azure Advisor can generate a list of Azure virtual machines that are not protected by Azure Backup
76. Azure activity log - who did?
77. VNET1 in RG1 -> apply policy in RG1 that states not using VNET1 -> VNET1 is deleted(by predefined action)
78. Azure VPN Gateway can encrypt ingress & outgress traffic in Azure network
79. Azure firewall only filters OSI layer 3 & 7, not defending from attack
80. DDoS protection can generate report from attack
81. Azure ATP(Advanced Threat Protection): monitor threats by using sensors
82. Trust Center: recommended resource for requirement compliance
83. Azure AD is not the 'only' way to give access permission to users
84. Azure Key Vault - like HSM(Hardware Security Module), we can encrypt credentials
85. Azure free account can access to every Azure product
86. Azure subscription can be managed by using Microsoft only
87. minimum 99.9% SLA
88. Azure AD Basic is not same as Azure AD Basic
89. no refund, more credit
90. you can click Azure svc in private preview if it is in Azure portal
91. SLA not applied to public preview
92. Standard support plan is not included in an Azure free account
93. Premire support plan can be only purchased by companies that have an EA
94. MSDF forum is open to every user
95. Network interface does not cost
96. inbound is free, outbound is not
97. Basic support plan: 24/7 access to biling information
98. In Azure portal, you can create a support request
99. phone or email: at least standard
100. architecture review : premier
101. Azure Cost Management - EA
102. You cannot merge subscriptions
103. Companies can increase the SLA guaranteed uptime by adding Azure resources to multiple regions
104. All read and write operation is not free in general purpose v2 Azure Storage account
105. If MS plans to end support for Azure svc that does not have a successor svc, MS will provide noti at least 12 months before
106. Azure Firewall: across subscription
107. traffic manager - provide a level of redundancy
108. MS recommends 2 >= premium SSD, also read cache for data disk
109. Privileged Identity Management provide development team to be able to start and stop VMs on specific occasion
110. Azure Advisor - related on cost